speaker 1 is recognized as 14 kst->bsd
speaker 3 is recognized as 8 pjh->lwh
speaker 4 is recognized as 9 kjs->yhs
speaker 5 is recognized as 12 jrc->yh
speaker 7 is recognized as 4 kjh->kjs
speaker 7 is recognized as 4 kjh->kjs
speaker 7 is recognized as 4 kjh->kjs
speaker 7 is recognized as 9 kjh->yhs
speaker 7 is recognized as 9 kjh->yhs
speaker 7 is recognized as 5 kjh->jrc
speaker 7 is recognized as 4 kjh->kjs
speaker 7 is recognized as 4 kjh->kjs
speaker 7 is recognized as 9 kjh->yhs
speaker 7 is recognized as 4 kjh->kjs
speaker 13 is recognized as 4 yh->kjs
speaker 16 is recognized as 5 ljw->jrc
speaker 16 is recognized as 4 ljw->kjs
speaker 16 is recognized as 4 ljw->kjs
speaker 16 is recognized as 4 ljw->kjs
speaker 16 is recognized as 4 ljw->kjs
speaker 17 is recognized as 9 rws->yhs
speaker 17 is recognized as 9 rws->yhs
speaker 17 is recognized as 9 rws->yhs